docs: next version needs to match keystone (#7003)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/docs/walkthroughs/embedded-mode-with-sqlite-nextjs.mdx

   └── index.tsx
```

> Next, make sure that the `next` version in your `package.json` matches the version from [keystone](https://github.com/keystonejs/keystone/blob/main/packages/keystone/package.json#L107).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you use the same major version of `next` as used internally by [keystone](https://github.com/keystonejs/keystone/blob/main/packages/core/package.json#L107).
```
